Hebrews chapter number two.
I love the book of Hebrews.
Back in 2020, I preached through the book of Hebrews
on Sunday morning.
Little did I know in October of 2019,
when God laid the theme for 2020 on my heart,
that it would be looking unto Jesus
and studying through the book of Hebrews on Sunday morning.
I had no idea what 2020 would be like,
but of course, it's not been that long ago.
And remember 2020 and COVID and all that was going on.
And what a great theme, looking unto Jesus.
And I could not have orchestrated all of that.
That's of the Lord.
And in fact, just about 10 days, maybe two weeks ago,
the Lord settled for me our theme for next year.
And I've already given that information
to folks who'll be working on the graphic work
and all of that sort of thing.
And so I have a target date always
of no later than October 1st to get all of that done
and just trust the Lord.
And it's amazing how God provides.
God knows everything.
And this book of Hebrews is such a precious book
and I love the way it begins.
And we'll look at it in just a few moments,
but I really wanna look at chapter two
to give you our text verse this evening
and kind of begin our study from there.
We've been dealing here on Wednesday evenings
with this thought, doing what we ought to do.
And I said this and I've said it many times,
this is the ninth lesson on this particular series.
And as I started the series and multiple times
throughout the last nine weeks,
I've made the statement that just because we know
what we ought to do doesn't mean we do what we ought to do.
And that's one thing to know what we ought to do.
It's another thing to do what we ought to do.
And so I've titled this series, doing what we ought to do.
And God gives us in his word a number of things
in the New Testament in particular
of things that we ought to do.
And he uses that terminology.
We find here in Hebrews chapter two,
that the Bible begins and it says,
therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed
to the things which we have heard,
lest at any time we should let them slip.
It says in verse number two,
for if the word spoken by angels was steadfast
and every transgression and disobedience
received a just recompense of reward,
how shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation,
which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord
and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him.
God also bearing them witnessed both with signs and wonders
and with divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost,
according to his own will.
You'll notice as I began reading here
in Hebrews chapter number two,
that you begin reading this text of scripture
and you notice immediately that the chapter begins
with that word, therefore.
And every time you see the word, therefore,
you need to understand the context
and understand what has previously been given.
The old preacher of yesteryear said,
when you see therefore,
you gotta find out what it's therefore.
And that's a simple reminder for you and for me.
Every time we come across that word in our Bibles,
that we have to be aware of what is the context
immediately proceeding because it has great influence
on what is getting ready to be said.
And we find that here as it would be necessary for us
to understand the truth given in chapter number one,
prior to really trying to grasp the instruction
that will serve as our text for this evening.
We come to chapter two and verse number one
and we see that we ought to do something,
therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed
to the things which we have heard.
I've titled the message this evening,
if you're taking notes, we ought to listen up.
You ever hear somebody say, listen up?
Listen to me, listen up, right?
You've heard somebody say that.
And what is it that they're using that terminology for?
They're trying to get your attention.
They wanna make sure that you're paying attention, why?
Well, they believe as the individual speaking
that what they're going to say
has some level of significance or importance.
And therefore they say, listen up.
Sometimes you might hear somebody say this,
are you listening to me?
And you'll hear, hey, listen, listen, listen,
I'm trying to give you something, listen,
follow the instructions.
Sometimes we have vacation Bible school,
we're gonna go play a game outside
and we get all the kids out there
and they see the things that are set up for the game time.
And I begin to try to explain the game,
but you've already lost half of them
because they're trying to figure it out on their own
and they're already trying to go and listen, listen, listen.
And I'll say something like that.
And I have a louder voice than all of them combined
and I can get their attention.
And the reality is that when we understand,
if I boil it down to a single statement,
when it says that we ought to give the more earnest heed
to the things which we have heard, that's a long title.
So I've tried to make it a brief statement,
we ought to listen up.
We find that again, it begins with the word therefore,
so we have to understand the context of chapter number one.
In fact, as we think about the book of Hebrews overall,
there is a recurring theme in the book of Hebrews.
And the recurring theme in the book of Hebrews
is that Christ is superior.
You say superior to what?
To everything, to everything.
In chapter number one specifically,
beginning in verse number five
through the end of the chapter,
the Bible is speaking about
how Christ is superior to angels.
And we find that the information is given,
we're not gonna study that,
but I do want you to go back to the beginning,
opening statements of Hebrews chapter number one.
It's very amazing to me the way
that the book of Hebrews begins,
many times in the New Testament writings,
when you think about the letters, the epistles,
the church epistles, the pastoral epistles and all of that,
you begin to read them with some type of an introduction.
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ,
to so on and so forth,
Jude, a servant of the Lord Jesus Christ,
James, and we begin to read many of the epistles that way.
But notice the Bible in Hebrews one says God.
There is zero introduction as to who the human penman is.
There is no niceties, if you will,
of like greetings and salutations and all of,
no, it's just God who at sundry times,
notice, and in diverse manners,
spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets.
I mean, talk about getting rolling right away.
I mean, the Lord, as we find all scriptures
given by inspiration of God,
that God immediately, as he's writing to these Jewish people
that have been saved by the grace of God,
but that are facing great levels of pressure
to return to Judaism.
And we find that what God is doing in the book of Hebrews
is saying, listen, Christ is superior.
Christ is better.
The Old Testament truth of Judaism
and all of the sacrifices and all of that,
it's all a picture, a shadow of good things to come.
It's fulfilled in the Lord Jesus Christ
and Christ is better.
He is superior.
And so we find that he begins
and he begins talking about the way
that God revealed his message to his people in old times
during the Old Testament period.
Notice he says that God who at sundry times
and in diverse manners,
that God would often speak to his people,
that God would often deliver a message to his people.
We understand that God used Moses
and delivered a message to the people
many times during that period of his leadership
for the nation of Israel, how God would use Moses.
How many times that Moses stood before God
and said, thus sayeth the Lord.
God would speak to Moses and give Moses a message.
And Moses was faithful to take that message
and deliver it to the people.
We find that Joshua delivered messages to the people.
We could look at the judges
and we could see how God began to use prophets.
And you begin to understand Samuel
and how God used Samuel.
What about David and how God used David?
You think about the prophets
and so many prophets that God used.
And he spoke to them.
Notice at the end of verse number one,
in time passed unto the fathers by the prophets.
And so we understand the context of what's going on.
And we can see clearly that the Old Testament scriptures
are what is being referred to in verse number one.
By the way, I'm thankful
to have the Old Testament scriptures.
I'm thankful that God in his providence
chose to preserve for us as New Testament believers,
the Old Testament scriptures,
because they help us to understand the new.
They're given to us for our admonition,
for our learning, and we see that truth.
And there's so many things
that you do not fully comprehend in the New Testament,
apart from having the Old Testament.
And it's so precious to think about the Bible as a whole
and how important it is.
But then notice in verse number two,
hath in these last days.
Now, we see the reference to the terminology of last days.
In fact, in a couple of weeks,
when we get to 2 Timothy chapter number three,
the Bible will begin talking about in the last days.
Perilous times shall come and so on and so forth.
And we'll look at all of that.
And oftentimes, we use that terminology here.
He's really speaking about the time, if you will,
between the first and second coming.
of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And we begin to see how he's using that time
and referring to it as last days.
Notice where he says, spoken, hath in these last days,
spoken unto us by his Son.
Now, there's not a period there, there's a comment,
and I'm gonna read the rest of it in just a moment,
but I want you to consider with me just for a moment
how that God, of course we understand the Lord Jesus Christ,
God in flesh, he came to the earth
so that he could die in our place,
and how important that is to understand the purpose,
but we understand that when Jesus was here on earth,
literally, many of these that are being written to,
they heard the spoken words of the Lord Jesus Christ,
God in flesh.
Remember, during his earthly ministry,
there were many people that flocked to him
to hear his teaching, why?
Well, the Bible tells us on more than one occasion
that he taught as one having authority.
He taught, his message, his teaching was different
than that of the scribes.
His message was a message of authority.
They say, where has he learned this?
He's God, he's God.
We find that even as we begin to think about the miracle
of the man that was brought,
the man that was sick of the palsy that was born afore,
how that they could not get into the house, why?
Because there were so many people in Capernaum
that heard that Jesus was in the house,
that they thronged the house.
They come to that place
because they want to hear the message.
Jesus spoke many things.
We do not have in written form,
God did not choose to keep in the canon of scripture
every word that Jesus spoke or every work that Jesus did.
In fact, John concludes the gospel of John
by saying if all of the things were written
that the world itself could not contain the volumes
or the books that would be written.
And you think about the ministry of the Lord Jesus Christ,
you can think about his words,
and he spoke the power of his word.
And you remember when they came into the garden
as Judas would betray him, and he said, who do you seek?
And they said, Jesus.
And he said, I am.
What do they do?
They fell back as, I mean, the power of his word,
the authority of his word.
And here the Bible says in Hebrews one,
again, it's all important to understand
the context of chapter two,
the text of what we're dealing with this evening.
But it says that God spoken this way in times past,
but in these last days, he has spoken unto us by his son,
notice, whom he hath appointed heir of all things,
by whom also he made the worlds,
who, being the brightness of his glory
and express image of his person,
and upholding all things by the word of his power,
when he had by himself purged our sins,
sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high.
Wow.
Those are a few verses of scripture
that just absolutely exalt the Lord Jesus Christ.
And we find that the book begins that way.
Verse four, being made so much better than the angels,
as he hath by inheritance obtained
a more excellent name than they.
Again, in chapter number one,
as far as Christ being superior or better,
it's then the angels.
And we find that the thought will be recurring
through the book of Hebrews.
But as we begin to notice this powerful introduction
to the book of Hebrews, and then pay close attention
to how this powerful introduction of the book of Hebrews
relates to the instruction that we've received tonight
from chapter number two,
therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed
to the things which we have heard,
notice, lest at any time we should let them slip.
What a piece of instruction that God gives to his people.
Listen up, listen up.
We ought to listen up.
Notice with me, and we're probably gonna end up
doing this in two parts.
I was struggling with it all afternoon,
whether we'd get through it.
And I don't wanna rush tonight.
And I got a bunch of scriptures that I wanna look at.
And so we'll just end when we need to end
and we'll continue if we need to continue.
And so you just keep in mind
that we may not finish the whole lesson this evening.
But if you're taking notes,
I want you to first recognize the danger.
It's important that we acknowledge
here in this text of scripture
that there is a danger of not hearing
or listening to the word of God.
There's a danger that we are faced with.
That's why the scriptures instruct us
that we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things
which we have heard,
lest at any time we should let them slip.
Notice he mentions in verse number three
about how shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation,
which at the first began to be spoken of by the Lord
and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him.
You think about the continuation of the apostolic ministry
and the apostles in the first century
and how they were instrumental
on laying the foundation for the church
and how God used them.
And of course, Jesus Christ is the chief cornerstone
and they would lay the foundation for the church.
And so we find that there is a danger
of not hearing the word.
Now, the understanding of this idea
of giving the more earnest heed
to the things which we have heard,
it's not really in the sense
in which we sometimes use the word hear or heard or hearing.
It really carries with it the idea
of hearing, giving earnest heed to something,
to have the intent of obeying.
It's really the idea of the word hear.
It's not the idea of, yeah, I heard him.
Remember the book of James says
that we're to be doers of the word and not hearers only.
And the reality is that the word hear,
both in the Hebrew and in the Greek,
so in your Old Testament and in your New Testament,
the idea repeatedly of the word hear
is with the purpose or the intent of obeying.
It's the idea of the word.
Think about when Samuel was instructed by Eli
after he'd gone to him several times
and thought that Eli was calling him.
And he says, no, he perceived that it was the Lord
that was calling Samuel.
And here's the instruction that Eli gives to Samuel.
Say this, speak, Lord, for thy servant heareth.
It wasn't just that he was hearing something
for the purpose of hearing it.
It was hearing it for the purpose of obeying it.
And so we find here this evening
when he talks about giving the more earnest heed
to the things which we have heard,
we find that there's a danger
that we must acknowledge or recognize this evening.
There's a danger of neglecting personal Bible reading.
There's a danger that we can skim through
and quickly just not really get what God has for us
or just totally neglect it.
The studies, the surveys have been given,
the statistics of those that read
and those that do not read.
I mean, people that profess to be saved people
that have never read the entire Bible
from Genesis to Revelation in their entire Christian life.
I've said this before.
There are some, and it was very popular
probably 10 or 15 years ago,
that they would give and peddle this idea
that every day just read a Psalm and a Proverb.
And I'm gonna tell you this evening
that you need a whole lot more than a Psalm and a Proverb.
I am so thankful for the book of Psalms
and I'm so thankful for the book of Proverbs.
And there have been times in my Christian life
that I have read the Bible through during the year
and I have read the book of Psalms
and the book of Proverbs every month of the year.
Because the book of Psalms and the book of Proverbs
are helpful books.
They're encouraging.
The book of Psalms is encouraging.
You said you read it every month?
Yeah, you read five Psalms a day
and you get through it in a month.
You read one Proverb a day, you get through it in a month.
You say, what do you do when you get to Psalm 119?
You schedule more time.
It just is what it is.
And the reality is that I don't do that every year.
Psalms and Proverbs are important,
but you know, God gave us 64 other books
that make up the whole of the Bible.
And so we find that there's this danger
not only of neglecting personal Bible reading,
but missing preaching services.
The reality is that the preacher has a great responsibility.
The pastor has a God-given responsibility
to feed the flock of God.
That is a job.
Think about the apostles.
Think about the early church in the book of Acts
when there was the division and contention
between the widows that arose.
And they said, it's not that we should leave
prayer and the word, the ministry of the word,
to serve tables.
It's not that they were above serving tables.
It was that they could not neglect the ministry
of the word and prayer in order to serve tables.
It's an important understanding.
It's a biblical truth and a biblical principle.
And the pastor has the God-given responsibility
to feed the flock of God,
to give the truth of God's word.
It's not just a performance.
It's not just a fill up some time and get a schedule
or an event on the calendar.
No, it's giving the Bible the word of God.
God.
Our enemy doesn't want us to hear truth.
He wants you to neglect your Bible reading.
He wants you to miss church services where you could hear the preaching of God's Word.
He wants to keep you from hearing.
He wants to distract you so that even while you're here physically, you're not here mentally.
Have you ever been somewhere but you're not really there?
You say, what do you mean by that?
You know what I mean by that.
You can be somewhere physically present, but you're checked out.
You're really somewhere else.
And it's all too common.
It's all too easy in a society in which we're living today with so many distractions that
are abounding.
I want you to turn your Bibles, if you will, back to the book of Amos in chapter number
eight, Hosea, Joel, Amos, Amos chapter number eight.
And I want you to notice with me what God says in the book of Amos with regard to a
famine.
Now many times we think about a famine.
We think about a famine that would impact us physically.
We think about the situation where you could read about the famine that was faced with
Abraham when he first got to the place where God led him to and he ends up going to Egypt
because there was a famine in the land.
We think about the famine during the time of Joseph and many other times in the scriptures
that you read of a famine where it would be a famine of nourishment, of sustenance that
someone could receive physically.
Here Amos is not talking about that type of a famine.
In fact, the Bible makes it very clear in verse number 11 of Amos chapter eight.
The Bible says, behold, the days come, saith the Lord God, that I will send a famine in
the land.
Not a famine of bread nor thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the Lord.
Now in a very real sense, during Amos' ministry and during his time of prophecy, we find that
Israel was on a very slippery slope facing impending Assyrian captivity, followed of
course by the Babylonian captivity of Judah and all that was taking place and God says
that he was going to send.
You know, sometimes we refer to the silent years, the 400 years where there was no revelation
from God.
I think about the truth of the proverb that says, where there is no vision, the people
perish.
I've heard countless people take that verse out of context and they have the idea that
where there is no vision, the people perish.
In other words, we need a vision for how we're going to reach our community, kind of like
a vision that a CEO might have or that a pastor might cast a vision and we try to
have vision Sunday and that kind of an idea with what our theme will be and what have
you.
That is not what the verse means.
The verse means when there is no vision, there's no prophetic revelation.
God is not speaking, the people perish.
And it says here that the famine was not going to be a famine of bread or water, but of hearing
the Word of God.
I want you to understand that they, the people of Israel, the people of Judah, they had already
started ignoring the Word of God, not hearing, not heeding the Word of God.
It was not a matter that the scripture was not available.
It was not the fact that the preacher wasn't preaching, that there weren't prophets.
Now we understand there were false prophets and there are false teachers today, but understand
with me this evening that there were faithful prophets in the Old Testament.
There were men of old that stood up and faithfully proclaimed and delivered a message to the
people of God from God.
And there are false teachers that abound today in our society, but I want to remind each
of us that there are faithful preachers today that are faithfully preaching and heralding
and teaching the precious Word of God.
We were in a meeting yesterday morning and I had the opportunity to meet probably 40
preachers, probably 35 of them, I had never met them before, and I got to just very briefly
meet them.
You can't meet everyone and learn everything about everyone in a meeting like that with
that number of folks, but it was just a preacher's fellowship and it was exciting to hear how
those fellows, those preachers, they were faithfully carrying out the work of God in
the local area that God had called them to.
It was exciting because there are faithful preachers of God's Word.
It wasn't an issue that the Word of God wasn't available.
It wasn't an issue that there were not some faithful preachers.
The reality is that there was a part of the hearer that they just were not hearing the
Word of God.
Notice with me in Deuteronomy, if you will, I want you to turn back to Deuteronomy chapter
one.
We're going to look at a few verses of Scripture in Deuteronomy chapter number one.
Notice as we look at this text of Scripture, of course, Deuteronomy is giving us a recount,
if you will, a rehearsal of all the law and all that's been given and the journeying and
what have you.
In Deuteronomy chapter one, in verse number 42, notice the Bible says, and the Lord said
unto me, say unto them.
Now I want you to just pause there for a moment because we can read so quickly through things
like this, but it says, the Lord said unto me, say unto them.
God gave me a message to give you.
That's what Moses is saying.
Now the context here is after the spies came back and the spies came back and said, we're
not able, they have giants and they have walled cities and we cannot, and God said, okay,
that's fine.
Joshua and Caleb, they rent their clothes and they're contending and they're saying,
God is able, but the people said, let us go back to Egypt.
And then the judgment of God was announced.
You read numbers 14 and you can read how the judgment of God was announced.
So guess what?
They say, okay, then we're going to go.
That's what they say.
And God said, I'm not going to go with you because you disobeyed.
And if you go, I'm not going with you and you're going to lose.
You're going to be defeated.
That's what God said.
And they tried to go anyway.
And so this is what Moses is rehearsing in Deuteronomy 1.
God said to me, the Lord said unto me, verse 42, saying to them, go not up, neither fight,
for I am not among you, lest you be smitten before your enemies.
Notice the first words of verse 43.
So I spake unto you.
You know how many times I've written in my Bible next to, in the Pentateuch, reading
the books of the ministry of Moses, how many times I've written in my Bible, he was a faithful
minister.
He was faithful.
He gave the message that God told him to give.
He could not control the response of the people, whether they would take heed or disregard,
but he was faithful to give it notice.
So I spake unto you, and ye would not hear, but rebelled against the commandment of the
Lord, and went presumptuously up into the hill.
And the Amorites, which dwelt in that mountain, came out against you and chased you as bees
do.
And what does it say?
Destroyed you in Seir, even unto Hormah.
Notice in verse 43, you would not hear, but you rebelled.
Notice if you will, in 2 Kings, by the way, there's scores of verses of Scripture that
I could take you to this evening to give you this truth from the Old Testament, but notice
2 Kings chapter 17.
I've just picked three this evening to just kind of hammer the thought down.
In 2 Kings chapter 17, pick it up reading with me, if you will, in verse number 13,
it said, yet the Lord testified against Israel and against Judah.
How did he do it?
Remember Hebrews 1, sundry times, divers manners.
Here it says in verse 13 that the Lord testified against Israel, so it was God speaking, but
who did he use against Israel, against Judah?
By all the prophets and by all the Seirs.
And what was the message?
Notice turn ye from your evil ways and keep my commandments and my statutes according
to all the law which I commanded your fathers and which I sent to you by my servants, the
prophets.
Notice verse 14, notwithstanding, they would not hear, but what do they do?
They harden their necks like to the neck of their fathers that did not believe in the
Lord their God.
Notice it says in verse 15, they rejected his statutes and his covenant that he made
with their fathers and his testimonies which he testified against them and they followed
vanity and became vain and went after the heathen that were around about them concerning
whom the Lord had charged them that they should not do like them.
It says in verse 16 that they left all the commandments of the Lord.
I can't take time to read all of it, but notice the Bible says in verse 18 that the Lord was
very angry with Israel.
It says in verse number 23, the last phrase of the verse, so was Israel carried away out
of their own land to Assyria unto this day.
The Assyrian captivity is what's captured here.
God was faithful to deliver the message.
He used prophets and he used seers, but the
The problem was that they would not hear.
It wasn't that the message wasn't made known.
It wasn't that they didn't know what God was saying.
It was that they chose not to obey it.
Notice in the book of Jeremiah, if you will quickly,
Jeremiah chapter 29.
In Jeremiah chapter 29, this evening,
we see in verse number 19, of course,
Jeremiah is now prophesying.
Assyria has already taken Israel captive.
You gotta fast forward a hundred years,
a hundred, more than a hundred years, really,
and 115 years or so, and you're on the eve
of the Babylonian captivity, and Jeremiah's prophesying.
He can see they've laid siege against the city,
and you can understand that this indictment is coming.
And in Jeremiah 29, I want you to notice
the Bible says this in verse number 19.
It says, because they have not hearkened to my word,
saith the Lord, which I sent unto them by my servants,
the prophets, rising up early and sending them,
but ye would not hear, saith the Lord.
So then notice verse 20, though.
Hear ye therefore the word of the Lord,
all ye of the captivity whom I have sent
from Jerusalem to Babylon.
And so God wants his people to hear.
He wants us to listen up.
He wants us to obey, to take heed to his word.
He's not giving us his word to just fill up paper.
He's not giving us his word to fill up time.
He's giving us his word because he wants us to be informed.
He wants us to be instructed.
He wants us to know what to do so that we could please him,
honor him, and glorify him.
The problem for so many is that we're not really hearing,
not really listening with the purpose of obeying.
So often you'll hear people say something
like what they say in the Old Testament,
and we'll look at some of that next week,
where the truth of God's word is given,
and the response will be, well, that's just your opinion.
Well, that's a different time.
That's a different era.
That's a different, listen, God's word
is not only cross-cultural, it covers every culture,
but it's also beyond the bounds of time.
It's a timeless book.
It's a relevant book today.
There are people today that try to charge
against God's word that it needs to be updated.
It's no longer relevant.
Listen, God's word is as relevant today
as it was the day it was given.
You know why that's the case?
Because God, who is the author, he is outside of time,
and he gave us his word.
In the book of Hebrews, in chapter number two,
as we begin studying this instruction,
he says, listen, we need to give,
we ought to give the more earnest heed
to the things which we have heard.
Next week, if the Lord allows us,
we'll continue with this thought,
and we'll deal with, we, tonight, recognize the danger.
Look, there's a danger of not hearing the word of the Lord.
We see the examples.
I could give you more and more examples this evening
from the Old Testament of those that did not hear,
even from the New Testament of those that did not hear.
They didn't obey.
Next week, we're gonna deal with this idea
of how do we learn to listen?
How do we develop a plan to be able to be in a position
where we're hearing purpose to obey the word of the Lord?
Because there's so many things against us.
The enemy does not want us to rehearse
what I said a moment ago by way of introduction.
The enemy doesn't want you to hear the word.
He doesn't want you to obey the word.
And we need to have a plan.
We need to learn how to listen.
Mentioned on Sunday night about Elijah,
he heard the word of the Lord.
He heard the word of the Lord.
It was a still, small voice.
And for a few moments on Sunday evening,
I mentioned how important it is
that we learn to hear the voice of God.
I don't know if it's ever happened to you.
I'll be honest with you tonight.
It's happened to me that I've read a chapter,
sometimes multiple chapters in God's word,
and I pause, and if I'm honest with you tonight,
as I have been before God, I have no idea what I just read.
You say, oh, I'm just being honest.
You know why?
Because there's distractions.
Other things going on.
You know what I do when that happens?
I go back and I start over.
Because God has something for us.
God has something for us.
It's his word.
I don't wanna read the Bible to just check a box
that I did my Bible reading today.
No, no, no, no.
It's not religious activity.
It's not rote religion.
This book is God's word to me, to you.
It's not just a religious exercise.
It's hearing from the God of the universe.
What a joy.
But we've all been in the position
where if someone were to quiz you and say,
hey, what did you read from your Bible?
I know I read my Bible today, but man.
We gotta have a plan.
We'll deal with that next week.
Lord, we love you.
We thank you for loving us.
Thank you for your word, how precious it is.
God, we're thankful that all scripture
is given by inspiration of God and it's profitable.
God, we believe that tonight.
God, I pray that you'd help us to do
as the scriptures instruct us to do.
We ought to listen up, give the more earnest heed.
Lord, I pray that you would bless our time of prayer.
We thank you for the privilege.
Pray that you'd be honored and glorified
for it's in Christ and we pray, amen.
Anyone need a prayer bulletin tonight?